# Development of the Internet (ARPANET to WWW)
### Introduction 
The Internet stands as one of the most remarkable and outstanding evolutions  in the moderna society. Today, the internet is being used by approximately 67.9% of the global population connecting people, business, and communities alla round the world. It's origins trace back to thelate 1960s when the Arpanet was created, a U.S. defense research network designed to enable secure and reliable data sharing between multiple computers at once. Over time, the Arpanet expanded into a global network, laying the groundwork for the internet and, later the WWW ( World Wibe Web).
The internet has reshaped society, revolutionizing how people communicate, learn and interact with people all over the world, something that people couldn't even dream of back in the 1900s. The internet has also redefined the business world, giving people acces to the e-commerce, digital marketing and global online enterprises that in todays economies drive people to start up new business. The internet has also allowed a societal change as people can now facetime, using built in cameras all over the world and can also use phone service that allows one person from one country to make a phone call to another person in another country. Networking also allows workplaces to do online meetings without having to meet up in a specific place.
This discussion will examine the development of the internet from Arpanet to the world wide web, it will focus on it's evolution and impacts that it now has in the modern era. 

### Historical development 
The history of the Internet is marked by decades of innovation and techoligical advancement. It's evolution can be traced back through several key stages. One of the earliest stages was the military networks in the 1960s to the creation of the World Wide Web in the 1990s.
